README.md, before:

# Dracula Theme
My take on the open theme [Dracula](https://draculatheme.com) and [Dracula UI](https://draculatheme.com/ui) for Foundry VTT. The module will likely remain relatively inactive.

Does not play well with systems that use a lot of system specific theming. D&D 5e will have the most support/integration due to it being my main system.

I'm also publishing this as a foundation / skeleton for anyone else who wants to dip into modifying Foundry into a darker UI or experimenting with the Foundry UI. TyphonJS, who helped me with a significant portion of this, is making his own theme with Dracula as a foundation with dynamic colour theming, palettes, and other colour-based additions.

If you see something off, let me know and I'll see what I can do.

## Screenshot(s)
Pictures of Dracula with Minimal UI, Midi QOL, Combat Carousel, and Dice Tray:
![Screenshot 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95392008/147394182-0cb0a781-4d84-4b28-958e-0c2ed6526b4d.png)
![Screenshot 5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95392008/147394179-6777840b-3554-4e9c-b4c3-50cd99616ee2.png)

Pictures of Dracula with mostly vanilla foundry:
![Screenshot 3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95392008/147394076-a2fa6013-f8e8-4d28-9328-6f24df0a2763.png)
![Screenshot 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95392008/147394075-acbfd71a-1a14-4854-8438-867bafac8f9c.png)

# Recommended Modules
- [Argon Combat Hud](https://github.com/theripper93/enhancedcombathud/)
- [Minimal UI](https://github.com/saif-ellafi/foundryvtt-minimal-ui)
- [Tidy 5e Sheet (Dark)](https://github.com/sdenec/tidy5e-sheet)

# Credits
Substantial help by @typhonrt with advice, refactoring, and a whole list of things I would not be able to write down in a day

Inspired heavily by [Argon Combat Hud](https://github.com/theripper93/enhancedcombathud/) by theripper93 and mouse0270 with some help by Ripper

Colour palette from [Dracula](https://draculatheme.com) and [Dracula UI](https://draculatheme.com/ui) by Zeno Rocha

Commit message:

Add section no how to work on the module.

README.md, after:

# Dracula Theme
My take on the open theme [Dracula](https://draculatheme.com) and [Dracula UI](https://draculatheme.com/ui) for Foundry VTT. The module will likely remain relatively inactive.

Does not play well with systems that use a lot of system specific theming. D&D 5e will have the most support/integration due to it being my main system.

I'm also publishing this as a foundation / skeleton for anyone else who wants to dip into modifying Foundry into a darker UI or experimenting with the Foundry UI. TyphonJS, who helped me with a significant portion of this, is making his own theme with Dracula as a foundation with dynamic colour theming, palettes, and other colour-based additions.

If you see something off, let me know and I'll see what I can do.

## Screenshot(s)
Pictures of Dracula with Minimal UI, Midi QOL, Combat Carousel, and Dice Tray:
![Screenshot 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95392008/147394182-0cb0a781-4d84-4b28-958e-0c2ed6526b4d.png)
![Screenshot 5](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95392008/147394179-6777840b-3554-4e9c-b4c3-50cd99616ee2.png)

Pictures of Dracula with mostly vanilla foundry:
![Screenshot 3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95392008/147394076-a2fa6013-f8e8-4d28-9328-6f24df0a2763.png)
![Screenshot 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95392008/147394075-acbfd71a-1a14-4854-8438-867bafac8f9c.png)

# Recommended Modules
- [Argon Combat Hud](https://github.com/theripper93/enhancedcombathud/)
- [Minimal UI](https://github.com/saif-ellafi/foundryvtt-minimal-ui)
- [Tidy 5e Sheet (Dark)](https://github.com/sdenec/tidy5e-sheet)

# Credits
Substantial help by @typhonrt with advice, refactoring, and a whole list of things I would not be able to write down in a day

Inspired heavily by [Argon Combat Hud](https://github.com/theripper93/enhancedcombathud/) by theripper93 and mouse0270 with some help by Ripper.

v10 and Cyberpunk RED support added by [L4D15](https://github.com/L4D15)

Colour palette from [Dracula](https://draculatheme.com) and [Dracula UI](https://draculatheme.com/ui) by Zeno Rocha

# Development

This module uses a simple webpack setup to develop and test the module easily. Navigate to the repository folder and call `npm install` to install all required packages. Then you can call `npm run build` to generate the project into a `.zip` file to distribute it. If you would prefer to test changes as you work in the module, configure the abosulte path to your FoundryVTT data folder in `foundryconfig.json` and call `npm run build:dev`, this will automatically copy the generated module into your FoundryVTT modules folder everytime you modify any file in the project (remember to refresh Foundry to load the new changes).
